1. **When you've worked towards a goal in the past, what systems or tools have been helpful for you in accomplishing that goal? How could you adapt those same systems/tools to use while at Turing?**
> I usually try to write steps and tasks that I need to take to get to that goal. Then little by little adjust those steps depending on how my progress is going. Write the steps and progress down, and then come back to it while you're working towards that goal. For example, I kept a note book of everything I did to find a job out in Colorado, and make the move here from Illinois. It took me close to three months to make it happen, and I believe keeping track of the progress and making notes on things that did work or didnt and adjust my plan according to my progress. I think having a few notebooks (career, notes, and school work) will help me with Turing and also help create the right structure for me to be successful with my upcoming journey. Also, reaching out and asking questions and requesting help will be beneficial to my learning progress. 
2. **As you start this new career, what is one of your strengths and how do you know?**
> I believe I'm very good at multitasking. I've been working in a position for the last 6 years where I need to use 4-5 different systems for orders, respond to daily emails, create daily reports, and work with people over teams to accomplish our goals. I think I'm well organized but I also believe I can do a better job with my organizational skills. 
3. **Describe how you work best (conditions, environment, preferences, etc.):**
> I work well in a quiet office location, with some light music (mostly soundtracks) playing to help me focus. I also work well in a team setting, and really enjoy team projects and group work. 
4. **As you start this new career, what is your greatest area of improvement when it comes to your professional skills?**
> Asking for help, and knowing when to ask help. Not letting myself get too far into the rabbit hole of doubt. 
How will developing a deeper understanding of your strengths and working preferences benefit you as a software developer? It will show me things I do well, and things I need to work on to be a better professional. I think there is always something you can be working on, and I'm excited to get my professional career a little more in tune. I know I have things I need to work on, and I also know it will be challenging to make those changes, but I'm up for the task and the work involved. I've grown in other aspects of my life and I'm excited to grow my professional skill set, and be more confident in that aspect of my life. 
5. **Describe the vision you currently have for your career after Turing:**
> I would love to work for technical company developing an application or working on a team of developers. I would love to have a position where I can have individual work, but also work in a team setting. I think I would thrive in that type of work environment.  
